What's real?
Mom and Dad Linglong, don't you know?
This kid is a stand-in
The Lord of Heaven just regarded him as a pawn
You can throw it away when you run out.
At that time, our family offended the official family because of him
Now all trading channels have been shut down
If you don't think of a way
Our family is going to be dragged down by this kid
Ma Ye Feng
He did it because of me
Don't blame him.
I know you are worried about Ruichen's disease
Ruined grandpa's hard work
But did you know
Your insistence
Let our Shangguan family offend the official family
Instead, it accelerated the decline of the Shangguan family
Well, forget it.
Li Longwang
Since you have your own opinion
Just live a good life with Ye Feng
Mom and Dad didn't force anything
Our adult business
You don't have to worry about it anymore
What are you saying?
Don't you remember
How did the old gentleman warn us?
I'm talking to the child
What are you guilty of?
Ye Feng
My related articles are useless in my life
But I don't have any special requirements for you.
I only hope you
Just treat Linglong well for a lifetime
I don't know how my father-in-law's Shangguan family is doing
But you Shangguan family
Don't worry, I will keep you safe.
Do you have any handguards?